[guides] update build guide from autotools to cmake (#6)
openthread/ot-docs: site/en/guides/build/index.md

            $ docker pull openthread/environment:latest
            $ docker run -it --rm openthread/environment bash

> 1.  Within your chosen environment, clone the platform-specific OpenThread Git repository. Taking CC2538 as an example:

Reviewer: Switch example to nRF52840 DK?

           $ git clone https://github.com/openthread/ot-cc2538.git --recursive

1.  From the cloned repository's root directory:

>     1.  Install the toolchain:

Reviewer: Beyond the scope of this PR, suggest to install toolchain in when building `openthread/environment` docker image.

            $ ./script/bootstrap

    1.  Build the configuration:

>             ./script/build <platform-specific-args> <cmake-options>

Reviewer 2: Add terminal prompt $ for this command

>             ./script/build <platform-specific-args> <cmake-switches>

Reviewer 3: How about using cmake term?
```suggestion
            ./script/build <platform-specific-args> <cmake-options>
```

>             $ ./script/build <platform-specific-args> <cmake-options>

Reviewer: Should we use a real working command for a specific platform?

Reviewer 3: Here seems a general guide, there is build example below

>             $ ./script/build <platform-specific-args> <cmake-options>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            $ ./script/build {platform-specific-args} {cmake-options}
```

            $ docker pull openthread/environment:latest
            $ docker run -it --rm openthread/environment bash

> 1.  Within your chosen environment, clone the platform-specific OpenThread Git repository. Taking nrf52840 as an example:

Reviewer 4: Maybe we should stick to cc2538 for now until  we can support the different platforms in the docs.

           $ git clone https://github.com/openthread/ot-nrf528xx.git --recursive

1.  From the cloned repository's root directory:
    1.  Install the toolchain:

            $ ./script/bootstrap

>     1.  Modify OpenThread compile-time constants in `/src/nrf52840/openthread-core-nrf52840-config.h` file.

Reviewer 2: ...in the

>     1.  Modify OpenThread compile-time constants in `/src/nrf52840/openthread-core-nrf52840-config.h` file.

Reviewer 4: How about we move this step to the Configuration section? For those trying OpenThread for the first time, they should just use the default configuration.

    1.  Build the configuration:

>             ./script/build nrf52840 UART_trans <platform-specific-args> <cmake-switches>

Reviewer 4: `UART_trans` is also specific to nrf52840
```suggestion
            ./script/build nrf52840 <platform-specific-args> <cmake-switches>
```

Reviewer 5: Can we make UART_trans a normal cmake option?

1.  Flash the desired binary to the target platform. All generated binaries are
    located in `/build/bin`.

> Specific instructions on building supported platforms with GNU Autotools can be

Reviewer 2: Should this change if we're referencing the individual platform repos now?  Will the examples/platforms directory be removed at some point?

Reviewer 4: Yes. Also, we're not using autotools anymore.

Type | Location
---- | ----
Compile-time constants | Listed in all the header files in [`/src/core/config`](https://github.com/openthread/openthread/tree/main/src/core/config)
cmake build options | Listed in [`openthread/examples/README.md`](https://github.com/openthread/openthread/blob/main/examples/README.md)

> .

Reviewer 2: Remove this period, this should be a blank line

> Note: Each example platform included in OpenThread specifies some, but not all, of the constants and flags that the platform supports. Modify the example platform's `/openthread-core-{platform}-config.h` file to enable or disable compile-time constants prior to building.

### Build examples

> Use a switch to enable functionality for an example platform. For example, to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use cmake build option to enable functionality for the platform. For example, to
```

> > Note: Each platform repo specifies some, but not all, of the constants and flags that the platform supports. Modify the platform's `openthread-core-{platform}-config.h` file to enable or disable compile-time constants prior to building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Each platform repository specifies some, but not all, of the constants and flags that the platform supports. Modify the platform's `openthread-core-{platform}-config.h` file to enable or disable compile-time constants prior to building.
```

> Use cmake build option to enable functionality for the platform. For example, to

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Use cmake build options to enable functionality for the platform. For example, to
```

build the binary for the CC2538 platform with Commissioner and Joiner support enabled:

```

> $ ./script/build -DOT_COMMISSIONER=1 -DOT_JOINER=1

Reviewer: Reduce cc2538 example to reduce maintenance overhead?

@jwhui @librasungirl

> $ ./script/build -DOT_COMMISSIONER=1 -DOT_JOINER=1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ ./script/build -DOT_COMMISSIONER=ON -DOT_JOINER=ON
```

```

Or, to build the nRF52840 platform with the [Jam Detection
feature](/guides/build/features/jam-detection) enabled in its repo:

```

> $ ./script/build nrf52840 UART_trans  -DOT_JAM_DETECTION=1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ ./script/build nrf52840 UART_trans  -DOT_JAM_DETECTION=ON
```

> $ ./script/build nrf52840 UART_trans  -DOT_JAM_DETECTION=ON

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ ./script/build nrf52840 UART_trans -DOT_JAM_DETECTION=ON
```

```

### Binaries

> The following binaries are generated in `/build/bin` from the build process. To determine which binaries are generated, use flags with the `script/build` command. For example, to build OpenThread and generate only the FTD CLI binary:

Reviewer 3: should we use the relative path instead, e.g.`./build/bin/`, `./script/build`?

Author: I'm not very sure about the convention here. I thought that the former version was using absolute paths.

Reviewer 4: I think relative paths make more sense. @Vyrastas ?

Reviewer 3: > I'm not very sure about the convention here. I thought that the former version was using absolute paths.

Here are the build output and script directory, both are relative to the source repo directory, e.g,  
you may find the full path for build output would be `<path-to-src repo>/build`

```
$ ./script/build -DOT_APP_CLI=1 -DOT_FTD=1 -DOT_MTD=0 -DOT_APP_NCP=0 -DOT_APP_RCP=0 -DOT_RCP=0
```

> Binary | Description | Flags

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Binary | Description | Options
```

> $ ./script/build -DOT_APP_CLI=1 -DOT_FTD=1 -DOT_MTD=0 -DOT_APP_NCP=0 -DOT_APP_RCP=0 -DOT_RCP=0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ ./script/build -DOT_APP_CLI=ON -DOT_FTD=ON -DOT_MTD=OFF -DOT_APP_NCP=OFF -DOT_APP_RCP=OFF -DOT_RCP=OFF
```

---- | ---- | ----

> `ot-cli-ftd` | Full Thread device for SoC designs | `-DOT_APP_CLI=1`<br/> `-DOT_FTD=1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ot-cli-ftd` | Full Thread device for SoC designs | `-DOT_APP_CLI=ON`<br/> `-DOT_FTD=ON`
```

> `ot-cli-mtd` | Minimal Thread device for SoC designs | `-DOT_APP_CLI=1`<br/> `-DOT_MTD=1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ot-cli-mtd` | Minimal Thread device for SoC designs | `-DOT_APP_CLI=ON`<br/> `-DOT_MTD=ON`
```

`ot-ncp-ftd` | Full Thread device for Network Co-Processor (NCP) designs | `-DOT_APP_NCP=1`<br/> `-DOT_FTD=1`
`ot-ncp-mtd` | Minimal Thread device for NCP designs | `-DOT_APP_NCP=1`<br/> `-DOT_MTD=1`
`ot-rcp` | Radio Co-Processor (RCP) design | `-DOT_APP_RCP=1`<br/> `-DOT_RCP=1`

By default, all above flags are enabled. If explicitly disable all flags, applications are not

> built but OpenThread library files are still generated in `/build/lib` for use in a project.

Reviewer 3: ditto, use relative path `./build/lib/`?

> `ot-ncp-ftd` | Full Thread device for Network Co-Processor (NCP) designs | `-DOT_APP_NCP=1`<br/> `-DOT_FTD=1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ot-ncp-ftd` | Full Thread device for Network Co-Processor (NCP) designs | `-DOT_APP_NCP=ON`<br/> `-DOT_FTD=ON`
```

> `ot-ncp-mtd` | Minimal Thread device for NCP designs | `-DOT_APP_NCP=1`<br/> `-DOT_MTD=1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ot-ncp-mtd` | Minimal Thread device for NCP designs | `-DOT_APP_NCP=ON`<br/> `-DOT_MTD=ON`
```

> `ot-rcp` | Radio Co-Processor (RCP) design | `-DOT_APP_RCP=1`<br/> `-DOT_RCP=1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ot-rcp` | Radio Co-Processor (RCP) design | `-DOT_APP_RCP=ON`<br/> `-DOT_RCP=ON`
```

> By default, all above flags are enabled. If explicitly disable all flags, applications are not

Reviewer 2: If you explicitly...

Makefile build switches | Listed in [`openthread/examples/README.md`](https://github.com/openthread/openthread/blob/main/examples/README.md)

> Note: Each example platform included in OpenThread specifies some, but not all, of the constants and flags that the platform supports. Modify the example platform's `/openthread-core-{platform}-config.h` file to enable or disable compile-time constants prior to building.

### Build examples

Use a switch to enable functionality for an example platform. For example, to
build the binary with Commissioner and Joiner support enabled:

```
$ ./script/build -DOT_COMMISSIONER=1 -DOT_JOINER=1
```

Or, to build the nRF52840 example with the [Jam Detection
feature](/guides/build/features/jam-detection) enabled:

```
$ ./script/build nrf52840 UART_trans  -DOT_JAM_DETECTION=1
```

### Binaries

The following binaries are generated in `/build/bin` from the build process. To determine which binaries are generated, use configure option flags with the `./configure` command to generate an updated `Makefile` for building. For example, to build OpenThread and generate only the CLI binaries:

```

> $ ./configure --enable-cli

Author: I don't know if we have according switches in cmake.

Reviewer 4: We have `OT_APP_CLI`, but that is slightly different in that it only controls building the app, not the CLI library itself. CMake always builds the CLI lib.
